DOCS-1669: Remove documentation for custom grid mode (#1605)
wandb/docs: content/en/ref/release-notes/releases/0.73.md

- When [coloring runs by metrics or numeric configs]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/color-code-runs/" >}}), you can now choose from five new continuous color palettes.
- During a [W&B run]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/" >}}), [CoreWeave Mission Control](https://www.coreweave.com/mission-control) monitors your compute infrastructure. This integration is now available on Dedicated Cloud.
- BYOB with CoreWeave AI Object Storage now supports authentication with service principals in Multi-tenant Cloud, Dedicated Cloud, and Self-Managed deployments. This helps you to avoid using static credentials in your deployment. Learn more at [Bring your own bucket (BYOB)]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/data-security/secure-storage-connector/" >}}).

> - The custom grid layout has been removed from W&B Workspaces. Previously, custom grid mode allowed you to adjust the size of individual panels within a section. Now, resizing a panel in a workspace section resizes all panels in that section, whether you configure the workspace using the [W&B App]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/#manage-a-sections-panels" >}}) or the [Workspace API]({{< relref "ref/python/wandb_workspaces/workspaces.md#class-sectionlayoutsettings" >}}). Custom grid layout remains available in [W&B Reports]({{< relref "/guides/core/reports/_index.md" >}}) and the [Reports API]({{< relref "/ref/python/wandb_workspaces/reports.md" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
- The custom grid layout has been removed from W&B Workspaces. Previously, custom grid layout allowed you to adjust the size of individual panels within a section. Now, resizing a panel in a workspace section resizes all panels in that section, whether you configure the workspace using the [W&B App]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/#manage-a-sections-panels" >}}) or the [Workspace API]({{< relref "ref/python/wandb_workspaces/workspaces.md#class-sectionlayoutsettings" >}}). Custom grid layout remains available in [W&B Reports]({{< relref "/guides/core/reports/_index.md" >}}) and the [Reports API]({{< relref "/ref/python/wandb_workspaces/reports.md" >}}).
```

> - The custom grid layout has been removed from W&B Workspaces. Previously, custom grid layout allowed you to adjust the size of individual panels within a section. Now, resizing a panel in a workspace section resizes all panels in that section, whether you configure the workspace using the [W&B App]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/#manage-a-sections-panels" >}}) or the [Workspace API]({{< relref "ref/python/wandb_workspaces/workspaces.md#class-sectionlayoutsettings" >}}). Custom grid layout remains available in [W&B Reports]({{< relref "/guides/core/reports/_index.md" >}}) and the [Reports API]({{< relref "/ref/python/wandb_workspaces/reports.md" >}}).

Author: Soon, I will move this release note into the v0.73.1 draft. I'll leave it here during review.

> - The custom grid layout has been removed from W&B Workspaces. Previously, custom grid layout allowed you to adjust the size of individual panels within a section. Now, resizing a panel in a workspace section resizes all panels in that section, whether you configure the workspace using the [W&B App]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/#manage-a-sections-panels" >}}) or the [Workspace API]({{< relref "ref/python/wandb_workspaces/workspaces.md#class-sectionlayoutsettings" >}}). Custom grid layout remains available in [W&B Reports]({{< relref "/guides/core/reports/_index.md" >}}) and the [Reports API]({{< relref "/ref/python/wandb_workspaces/reports.md" >}}).

Reviewer: Let's let users know what version it was removed in. Suggestion, feel free to reword:

```suggestion
- The custom grid layout was removed from W&B Workspaces with Server release v0.73.0. Previously, custom grid layout allowed you to adjust the size of individual panels within a section. Now, resizing a panel in a workspace section resizes all panels in that section, whether you configure the workspace using the [W&B App]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/#manage-a-sections-panels" >}}) or the [Workspace API]({{< relref "ref/python/wandb_workspaces/workspaces.md#class-sectionlayoutsettings" >}}). Custom grid layout remains available in [W&B Reports]({{< relref "/guides/core/reports/_index.md" >}}) and the [Reports API]({{< relref "/ref/python/wandb_workspaces/reports.md" >}}).
```

Author: Thanks, edited your edit, will move it into the release notes PR.
